Make raw HTML descriptions configurable (#35460)
mistercrunch/Airflow: newsfragments/35460.significant.rst

> Per default raw HTML code in DAG docs and DAG params descriptions is disabled with 2.8.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Raw HTML code in DAG docs and DAG params descriptions is disabled by default
```

No need to duplicate the version, it's in the 2.8.0 release section.

> To ensure that no maliceus javascript can be injected with DAG descriptions or trigger UI forms by DAG authors

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To ensure that no malicious javascript can be injected with DAG descriptions or trigger UI forms by DAG authors
```

a new parameter ``webserver.allow_html_in_dag_docs`` was added with default value of ``False``.

> If you trust your DAG authors code and want to allow using raw HTML in DAG descriptions and params and restore the previous
> behavior you must set the configuration value to ``True``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you trust your DAG authors code and want to allow using raw HTML in DAG descriptions and params, you can restore the previous
behavior by setting the configuration value to ``True``.
```

To ensure Airflow is secure by default, the raw HTML support in trigger UI has been super-seeded by markdown support via

> the ``description_md`` attribute. If you have been using ``description_html`` please migrate to ``escription_md``.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the ``description_md`` attribute. If you have been using ``description_html`` please migrate to ``description_md``.
```

> The ``custom_html_form`` is now deprecated and will be replaced by a more secure feature in a future release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``custom_html_form`` is now deprecated.
```

Same here.
